feat(datasource): support range constraints filtering (#20842)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

We are working on adding more advanced filtering options.

Note: There must be a `constraints` object in your Renovate config for this to work.

> This feature is limited to `composer`, `npm`, `pypi` and `poetry` datasources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is limited to `packagist`, `npm`, and `pypi` datasources.
```
